# SoftwareDesignTemplate
We had to create a software design template for a gaming company called Win, Lose, or Draw for this project. The game is available on mobile, but they wanted to convert it into a desktop game that is compatible across different operating systems. 
I gained a more three-dimensional understanding of software development from this project. From the beginning of the project, we had to decide which Operating System would best suit our needs, what security measures we would use, server architecture strategy, etc. As a beginner, you often see software development as just coding but from this project, you can get a better understanding of how a project like this might be similar in all the factors that go into software development. 
Thinking about the user is paramount in any project because they are the ones who will be using your software at the end of the day. I thought a few important considerations were using an operating system that made sense with an online game and security. For me the only logical answer to this problem is Windows operating system. The main reason is market share. The other consideration that I thought I would include is security. We want our users to log in with a user name and password and utilize the principle of least privilege when building our software from the ground up. This way if there are any security breaches, they are quarantined to only the least amount of privileges that will allow the user to play the game. In the future, I would like to learn more nuances of different operating systems and how that affects the development of software.
